this right here is a panasonic viera
60-inch Plasma TV we're showing the
difference in power consumption model
and the brand new 09 model now this is a
live monitor of the wattage and averages
210 210 months and 09 as opposed to 525
wats and of course the entire plasma
television is also more environmentally
friendly the panel has absolutely no lid
mercury or any other restricted
hazardous constants aircraft fifty-two
percent fewer parts going into this
television making it more efficient to
produce making it lighter the glass is
slim from 2.8 millimeters one point
three millimeters which means when we
pack it we can pack it in a smaller
package 50 smaller which means we can
put twice as many onto an epic trunk and
every shipping container making me more
efficient to deliver to you of course
you don't just have TV in your living
room you also have read disc players so
again here's the 06 model the original
ray disc player
and they not model 42 wats 22 box and
here is an actual demonstration of the
water ship they are currently using
forty-eight percent downs and fifty
percent down on their standby power
consumption panasonic has actually
delivered ninety-six percent improvement
on standby power consumption since the
year 2000 in 2010 the goal is to reduce
carbon dioxide emissions all the way
back to the year 2001 even though we've
increased production but of course there
are more toys than just that in your
living room many people also have
camcorders and again you can see lower
power consumption it's smaller and it's
lighter more efficient to deliver to you
fewer resources goings making it and
putting them in your home we uses fewer
resources not only in the amount of
energy that our drawers also the amount
of resources required to store your
content here you can see 100 hours
content stored on a TV
versus 100 hours stored on an SD card
and panasonic has been pioneering and
leading the way in the use of SD card
drastically reducing your consumption so
those are just a few ideas and Panasonic
just have being more eco-friendly in
your living room but of course there is
the eco-friendly on the road saying
batteries two million cars of hybrid
data we all stay far and keeps and even
more energy and we've started a
voluntary nationwide recycling program
every single state has at least one
drop-off point where you go
and you back your old Panasonic products
and we will take care of them recycle
them one hundred percent